DESCRIPTION
       Ettercap was born as a sniffer for switched LAN (and obviously even "hubbed" ones), but during the  de‐
       velopment  process it has gained more and more features that have changed it to a powerful and flexible
       tool for man-in-the-middle attacks.  It supports active and passive dissection of many protocols  (even
       ciphered ones) and includes many features for network and host analysis (such as OS fingerprint).

       It has two main sniffing options:

       UNIFIED,  this  method  sniffs all the packets that pass on the cable. You can choose to put or not the
       interface in promisc mode (-p option). The packet not directed to the host  running  ettercap  will  be
       forwarded  automatically  using layer 3 routing. So you can use a mitm attack launched from a different
       tool and let ettercap modify the packets and forward them for you.
       The kernel ip_forwarding is always disabled by ettercap. This is done to prevent a forward of a  packet
       twice (one by ettercap and one by the kernel).  This is an invasive behaviour on gateways. So we recom‐
       mend you to use ettercap on the gateways ONLY with the UNOFFENSIVE MODE ENABLED. Since ettercap listens
       only  on one network interface, launching it on the gateway in offensive mode will not allow packets to
       be rerouted back from the second interface.

       BRIDGED, it uses two network interfaces and forward the traffic from one to the other while  performing
       sniffing  and content filtering. This sniffing method is totally stealthy since there is no way to find
       that someone is in the middle on the cable.  You can look at this method as a mitm attack at  layer  1.
       You will be in the middle of the cable between two entities. Don't use it on gateways or it will trans‐
       form your gateway into a bridge. HINT: you can use the content filtering engine to  drop  packets  that
       should not pass. This way ettercap will work as an inline IPS ;)

       You  can  also  perform  man in the middle attacks while using the unified sniffing. You can choose the
       mitm attack that you prefer. The mitm attack module is independent  from  the  sniffing  and  filtering
       process,  so  you  can launch several attacks at the same time or use your own tool for the attack. The
       crucial point is that the packets have to arrive to ettercap with the correct mac address and a differ‐
       ent ip address (only these packets will be forwarded).
       The most relevant ettercap features are:

       SSH1  support  :  you can sniff User and Pass, and even the data of an SSH1 connection. ettercap is the
       first software capable to sniff an SSH connection in FULL-DUPLEX

       SSL support : you can sniff SSL secured data... a fake certificate is presented to the client  and  the
       session is decrypted.

       Characters  injection in an established connection : you can inject characters to the server (emulating
       commands) or to the client (emulating replies) maintaining the connection alive !!

       Packet filtering/dropping: You can set up a filter script that searches for a particular  string  (even
       hex)  in  the TCP or UDP payload and replace it with yours or drop the entire packet. The filtering en‐
       gine can match any field of the network protocols and modify whatever you want (see etterfilter(8)).

       Remote traffic sniffing through tunnels and route mangling: You can play with linux  cooked  interfaces
       or use the integrated plugin to sniff tunneled or route-mangled remote connections and perform mitm at‐
       tacks on them.

       Plug-ins support : You can create your own plugin using the ettercap's API.

       Password collector for : TELNET, FTP, POP, RLOGIN, SSH1, ICQ, SMB, MySQL,  HTTP,  NNTP,  X11,  NAPSTER,
       IRC,  RIP,  BGP,  SOCKS 5, IMAP 4, VNC, LDAP, NFS, SNMP, HALF LIFE, QUAKE 3, MSN, YMSG (other protocols
       coming soon...)

       Passive OS fingerprint: you scan passively the lan (without sending any  packet)  and  gather  detailed
       info  about  the  hosts in the LAN: Operating System, running services, open ports, IP, mac address and
       network adapter vendor.

       Kill a connection: from the connections list you can kill all the connections you want

